chore: update issue templates with guidelines (#17505)
electron/electron: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_report.md

---

<!-- To help make it easier for us to investigate your issue, please follow the Contributing Guidelines: https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md.

> This project abides by the following Code of Conduct: https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: I kind of like how forge works this into their template:

https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/blame/master/.github/issue_template.md#L15

Do you have any opinion on using that approach?

Author: ooh yes!

Author: will update imminently 🚀

---

> <!--  We get a lot of issues on this repo, so please be patient and we will get back to you as soon as we can.

Reviewer 2: I think we should be a little more explicit here, maybe something like this?
```suggestion
<!--  As an open source project that depends on individual and corporate contributions, it can take a long time for issues to be addressed, so please be patient and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
```
